react-calculator/README.md, before:

# Welcome to the React Calculator with TS!

The main reason for this project is to try to complete it with little to no Google / AI assistance. This can be quite the challenge, so let's see how it goes! Try it yourself! There is no rush!

## License
This project is licensed under the MIT license.

## Description
This will be a single page React Calculator with TypeScript and vanilla CSS (Call me crazy, but I absolutely love Vanilla CSS. Tailwind Is awesome, bu there is something about the original...)

## Motivation
I want to propose a challenge for you all: Try to do as much as you can without Google / AI assistance! As we all know ChatGTP can create this project incredibly quickly, but this doesn't make you a better coder! Obviously we will need to result to Google / AI, but do as much as you can without it!

## Usage
In the root folder of this application, you can run: ```npm start```

## Strange Bugs
If your JSX doesn't work correctly, try running ```npm install @types/react@latest @types/react-dom@latest```. This should clear up any JSX errors such as ```h1' does not exist on type 'JSX.IntrinsicElements```

## Contributing
Feel free to contribute as much as you like. I only ask that you make a PR once you are done with your coding session so others can work on it as well!

Commit message:

Add button component and logic strucute for the arithmetic

react-calculator/README.md, after:

# Welcome to the React Calculator with TS!

The main reason for this project is to learn how to contribute to open source, as this is my first attempt. This can be quite the challenge, so let's see how it goes! Try it yourself! There is no rush!

## License
This project is licensed under the MIT license.

## Description
This will be a single page React Calculator with TypeScript and vanilla CSS (Call me crazy, but I absolutely love Vanilla CSS. Tailwind Is awesome, bu there is something about the original...)

## Usage
In the root folder of this application, you can run: ```npm start```

Each component has documentation about how it should be used. Please follow them as close as possible. If you think things should be changed, ask in the issues ticket #86

## Strange Bugs
If your JSX doesn't work correctly, try running ```npm install @types/react@latest @types/react-dom@latest```. This should clear up any JSX errors such as ```h1' does not exist on type 'JSX.IntrinsicElements```

## Contributing
Feel free to contribute as much as you like. I only ask that you make a PR once you are done with your coding session so others can work on it as well!
